hey guys it's Sarah um in this video I
just want to show you a very quick
tutorial on how to use the tascam dr-40
right now I am recording audio with it
so this is the audio of the tascam dr-40
and this is the audio from the canon 70d
so you can obviously tell there is a
drastic difference
okay so let's jump into it alright so
basic layout you turn it on hold down
the stop power button turns done so
basically two things just to get you
started I'm going to show you how to
record and then how to view that file
and delete it how to record used to turn
on tasks and press the record button
press it once then you start seeing your
levels come up and that doesn't actually
start recording you have to press it
once more to start recording so after
you press it twice you see that's
supporting so to stop that recording you
press record again that pauses it if you
want to resume on the same track you
just press record again and that resume
is it it continues it on that same track
so you want to just stop it completely
you press record once and then you press
the stop button and that brings you back
to zero and so that will start recording
a new file so how to view these files
and to delete them press this button
right here the menu button takes you to
a menu now whenever you're on the tascam
doing something than menu in order to
get back to the main screen you just
press that stop button takes back to
home
so in order to view these files you
press menu then you go to browse and
then you can browse these files that you
just created to delete them you press
the quick button and then a folder pops
up and you have these options and you
can say file delete press enter which is
center button and done okay so it's the
very basics and now I'm going to go over
kind of the buttons starting on the side
you have the line out that's where you
can plug in just headphones or some
speakers and
then you have this so where you can
select a mic line or Mike Bliss phantom
this is when you're plugging in xlrs or
quarter inches into the back you know
doing the four channel thing with it if
you don't know what phantom is that is
phantom power that is a that is required
if you're plugging in condenser mics you
know there's two different types of mic
dynamic and condenser so if you're
recording with a condenser mic you will
need to put it on the night plus phantom
power this holds if you slide it up that
just makes all the buttons you know stop
their functionality so you know if I had
that hold on I tried to press record it
wouldn't record the Nexus input level
this is just um you know buttons for
changing the recording level again on
the back this little screw part this is
where you can either screw in the little
foot that they gave you yeah you just
put that little foot on if it's going to
be resting on the table or something
somewhere or you can screw in what's
called a hot shoe and what it does this
basically connects your dr-40 to idea
cell are it's the mics up top and they
are in a XY position right now and when
you change the mic positions you're
going to get a screen come up and it's
going to say you want to change the mic
direction from XY to AV um and you just
press yeah yes enter so the 1/2 solo 3/4
solo these buttons are for when you have
you know four channels plugged in when
you're recording from up top and down
below and this is when you want to check
the signals from you know the top mics
you would press one to solo and the
levels will come up and then when you
want to check you know these two mics
you would just press a three for solo
and their levels have come up if you
want to actually solo um those inputs
you just hold whatever button you know
you want solo down okay so record mode
this is where you pick the different
record modes stereo that's just you know
those two top mics
option mono and then dueled this is
very cool when you want to record one
input level at a certain you know so you
do like 80 then if you're worrying about
that sound peaking or clipping then you
can record a second file but at a lower
input level and then of course you have
your four channel and this is when you
want to use you know utilize the four
channels so recording settings and this
is just where you can to see different
files and I just keep my wave 16-bit and
the sample right at 44.1 Kay
any others option there are you know
different things for you to look at -
there's the tuner and where it will tune
you know ah yeah I can you can tune a
guitar whatever to it you can buy a
remote plug it in here and then I'll
just allow you four different features
you have to pause play stop record and
just with like a foot pedal so yeah that
should get you started
hey well I hope you enjoyed the video um
please subscribe to my channel maybe
check out some other videos of mine
social media links are down in the
comments below and please check out my
site sireesha com thanks for watching
the video and have a good day